Configure selinux to permit clamav to scan the system (#65)
cisagov/ansible-role-clamav: README.md

| clamav_scan_quarantine_group | Group owner to apply to quarantine directory. | `root` | No |
| clamav_scan_quarantine_mode | Permissions to apply to quarantine directory. | `0750` | No |
| clamav_scan_quarantine_owner | Owner to apply to quarantine directory. | `root` | No |

> | clamav_seboolean_name | On hosts with SELinux enabled, name of the boolean to allow clamav to scan files. | `antivirus_can_scan_system` | No |
> | clamav_seboolean_state | On hosts with SELinux enabled, wether to allow clamav to scan files. | `antivirus_can_scan_system` | No |

Reviewer: Minor language improvements:
```suggestion
| clamav_seboolean_name | The name of the SELinux boolean used to configure whether or not ClamAV is allowed to scan files.  Note that this variable is only used when SELinux is enabled. | `antivirus_can_scan_system` | No |
| clamav_seboolean_state | The value to use for the SELinux boolean that configures whether or not ClamAV is allowed to scan files.  Note that this variable is only used when SELinux is enabled. | `antivirus_can_scan_system` | No |
```

> | clamav_seboolean_state | The value to use for the SELinux boolean that configures whether or not ClamAV is allowed to scan files.  Note that this variable is only used when SELinux is enabled. | `antivirus_can_scan_system` | No |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| clamav_seboolean_state | The value to use for the SELinux boolean that configures whether or not ClamAV is allowed to scan files.  Note that this variable is only used when SELinux is enabled. | `true` | No |
```
